♪ YOU SAID YOU HATED THE
OCEAN BUT YOU'RE SURFING NOW ♪
♪ I SAID I'D LOVE YOU FOR LIFE
BUT I JUST SOLD OUR HOUSE ♪
♪ WE WERE KIDS AT THE START I
GUESS WE'RE GROWN UPS NOW ♪
♪ COULDN'T EVER IMAGINE
EVEN HAVING DOUBTS ♪
♪ BUT NOT EVERYTHING WORKS OUT ♪
♪ NO ♪
♪ NOW I'M OUT DANCING
WITH STRANGERS ♪
♪ YOU COULD BE CASUALLY DATING ♪
♪ DAMN IT'S ALL
CHANGING SO FAST ♪
♪ ASÍ ES LA VIDA SI ♪
♪ YEAH THAT'S JUST LIFE BABY ♪
♪ YEAH LOVE CAME AROUND ♪
♪ AND IT KNOCKED ME DOWN ♪
♪ BUT I'M BACK ON MY FEET ♪
♪ ASÍ ES LA VIDA SI ♪
♪ YEAH THAT'S JUST LIFE BABY ♪
♪ I WAS BARELY STANDIN' ♪
♪ BUT NOW I'M DANCING ♪
♪ HE'S ALL OVER ME ♪
♪ BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM ♪
♪ IT'S BEEN A HELL OF A YEAR,
THANK GOD WE MADE IT OUT ♪
♪ YEAH, WE WERE RIDING A WAVE
AND TRYING NOT TO DROWN ♪
♪ AND ON THE SURFACE I HELD
IT TOGETHER BUT UNDERNEATH
I SORTA CAME UNWOUND ♪
♪ WHERE WOULD I BE? YOU'RE
ALL THAT I NEED, MY WORLD ♪
♪ BABY YOU HOLD ME DOWN ♪
♪ YOU ALWAYS HOLD ME DOWN NOW ♪
♪ I'VE BEEN THE
BREAKER AND BROKEN ♪
♪ EVERY MISTAKE
TURNED TO MOMENTS ♪
♪ WOULDN'T TAKE ANYTHING BACK ♪
♪ ASÍ ES LA VIDA SI ♪
♪ YEAH THAT'S JUST LIFE BABY ♪
♪ YEAH LOVE CAME AROUND ♪
♪ AND IT KNOCKED ME DOWN ♪
♪ BUT I'M BACK ON MY FEET ♪
♪ ASÍ ES LA VIDA SI ♪
♪ YEAH THAT'S JUST LIFE BABY ♪
♪ I WAS BARELY STANDIN' ♪
♪ BUT NOW I'M DANCING ♪
♪ HE'S ALL OVER ME ♪
♪ BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM ♪
♪ BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM
(AHÍ, AHÍ) ♪
♪ BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM ♪
♪ PONGANLE AZÚCAR, MI GENTE ♪
♪ SIGUE BAILANDO ♪
♪ (KEEP DANCING YEAH) UH-HUH ♪
♪ SIGUE BAILANDO
(KEEP DANCING YEAH) ♪
♪ SIGUE BAILANDO ♪
♪ UH-HUH ♪
♪ SIGUE BAILANDO
(KEEP DANCING YEAH) ♪
♪ SIGUE BAILANDO ♪
♪ ASÍ ES LA VIDA SI ♪
♪ YEAH THAT'S JUST LIFE BABY ♪
♪ YEAH LOVE CAME AROUND ♪
♪ AND IT KNOCKED ME DOWN ♪
♪ BUT I'M BACK ON MY FEET ♪
♪ ASÍ ES LA VIDA SI ♪
♪ YEAH THAT'S JUST LIFE BABY ♪
♪ I WAS BARELY STANDIN' ♪
♪ BUT NOW I'M DANCING ♪
♪ HE'S ALL OVER ME ♪
♪ NOW I'M DANCING
(KEEP DANCING YEAH) ♪
♪ BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM
NOW I'M DANCING
(KEEP DANCING YEAH) ♪
♪ NOW I'M DANCING
♪ ♪
♪ ASÍ ES LA VIDA ♪
♪ VIVE LA VIDA ♪
♪ ♪
♪ ASÍ ES LA VIDA ♪
♪ VIVE LA VIDA ♪
♪ ♪
♪ F u ♪
♪ and your mom
and your sister ♪
♪ and your job
and your broke ass car ♪
♪ and that shit you call art
F u you ♪
♪ And your friends
that I'll never see agai♪
♪ Everybody but your dog
you can all F OFF ♪
♪ I swear I meant to
mean the best ♪
♪ when it ended
even try to bite my tongue ♪
♪ when you start **** ♪
♪ now you're texting all my
friends asking questions ♪
♪ they never even liked you
in the first place ♪
♪ dated a girl that I hate for
the attention ♪
♪ she only made it two days,
what a connection ♪
♪ it's like you'd do anything
for my affection ♪
♪ you're going all about it in
the worst ways ♪
♪ I was into you but I'm over
it now ♪
♪ And I was trying to be nice ♪
♪ but nothing's getting through
so let me spell it out ♪
♪ a b c d e
f u ♪
♪ and your mom
and your sister ♪
♪ and your job
and your broke ass car ♪
♪ and that **** you call art
F you ♪
♪ And your friends
that i'll never see agai♪
♪ everybody but your dog
you can all f off ♪
♪ Nananananananana
a b c d e f u ♪
♪ You said you just needed
space and so I gave it ♪
♪ when I had nothing to say
you couldn't take it ♪
♪ told everyone i'm a bitch
so i became it ♪
♪ always had to put yourself
above me ♪
♪ I was into you but I'm
over it now♪
♪ And I was trying to be nice ♪
♪ but nothing's getting through
so let me spell it out ♪
♪ a b c d e
f u ♪
♪ and your mom
and your sister ♪
♪ And your job
and your craigslist couch ♪
♪ And the way your voice sounds
F you And you friends ♪
♪ That i'll never see again
everybody but your dog ♪
♪ You can all **** off
Nananananananana ♪
♪ a b c d e f off
Nananananananan♪
♪ a b c d e
f u ♪
♪ And your mom
and your sister ♪
♪ And your job ♪
♪ And your broke ass car
and that shit you call art F
you ♪
♪ And your friends
that i'll never see agai♪
♪ everybody but your dog
you can all **** OFF ♪
♪♪
With all Free Clear,
the allergens that hide in our
clothes don't stand a chance.
all's powerful clean
removes tough stains
and 99% of top allergens.
all Free Clear.
The #1 doctor recommended
brand for sensitive skin.
Don't settle for products that
give you a sort-of white smile.
Try Crest Whitening Emulsions...
...for 100% whiter teeth.
Its highly active peroxide
droplets...
...swipe on in seconds.
Better. Faster.
100% Whiter teeth.
Shop CrestWhiteSmile.com.
[ticking clock]
Stressed out?
Time to refresh your
rhythm with Trident.
♪
Trident gum.
The fresh chew to
refresh your rhythm.
Welcome to the Eat Fresh
Refresh at Subway
Wait, that's new
Wait, you're new too
Nobody told you?
Subway's refreshing with
better ingredients,
better footlongs,
and better spokespeople.
Because you gotta
You gotta refresh to be
fresh
After 40 wrinkles deepen and
skin can get uneven
but here's the good news.
bc
The New Revitalift Retinol
Pressed night cream,
with Retinol + Niacinamide.
After 14 nights wrinkles start
to be less visible
and skin tone looks more even.
The New Revitalift pressed cream
by L'Oreal Paris.
[ Wind howling ]
♪♪
>> ♪♪ Caught up in heaven ♪
♪ But your heaven ain't the
same ♪
♪♪ And I've never been a saint,
have I? ♪
♪♪ This evanescence always
fleeting like a flame ♪
♪ But I'm never one to change,
am I?
♪ Call it a lesson when I feel
you slide away ♪
♪ And I'm missing out on half my
life ♪
♪ Oh, you make me complete ♪
♪ You make me complete ♪
♪ You make me a complete mess ♪
♪ Oh, you make me complete ♪
♪ You make me complete ♪
♪ You make me a complete mess ♪
♪♪♪
♪♪
>> ♪ Hang on to moments like
they'll never drift away ♪
♪ 'Cause you'll never get to say
goodbye ♪
♪ I ask no questions as your
colors take their hold ♪
♪ As my darkness turns to gold
inside ♪
♪ I learned my lesson when I
felt you slip away ♪
♪ And I'm missing out on half my
life ♪
♪ Oh, you make me complete ♪
♪ You make me complete ♪
♪ You make me a complete mess ♪
♪ Oh, you make me complete ♪
♪ You make me complete ♪
♪ You make me a complete mess ♪
♪♪
>> ♪ Caught up in heaven but
your heaven ain't the same ♪
♪ But I've never been a saint,
have I? ♪
♪ Oh, you make me complete ♪
♪ You make me complete ♪
♪ You make a complete mess ♪
♪ Oh, you make me complete ♪
♪ You make me complete ♪
♪ You make a complete mess ♪
♪♪
♪ ♪
♪ (LAST NIGHT ALL I
THINK ABOUT IS YOU) ♪
♪ (DON'T STOP, BABY,
YOU CAN GO ON THROUGH) ♪
♪ (DON'T WANT, BABY,
THINK ABOUT YOU) ♪
♪ (YOU KNOW THAT I'M
NEVER GONNA LOSE) ♪
♪ ♪
♪ ROAD SHIMMER ♪
♪ WIGGLING THE VISION ♪
♪ HEAT HEAT WAVES ♪
♪ I'M SWIMMING IN A MIRROR ♪
♪ ROAD SHIMMER ♪
♪ WIGGLING THE VISION ♪
♪ HEAT HEAT WAVES ♪
♪ I'M SWIMMING IN A ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, ALL I
THINK ABOUT IS YOU ♪
♪ LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OUT ♪
♪ CAN'T MAKE YOU
HAPPIER NOW ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, ALL I
THINK ABOUT IS YOU ♪
♪ LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OUT ♪
♪ CAN'T MAKE YOU
HAPPIER NOW ♪
♪ USUALLY I PUT ♪
♪ SOMETHING ON TV ♪
♪ SO WE NEVER THINK ♪
♪ ABOUT YOU AND ME ♪
♪ BUT TODAY I SEE ♪
♪ OUR REFLECTIONS ♪
♪ CLEARLY IN HOLLYWOOD ♪
♪ LAYING ON THE SCREEN ♪
♪ YOU JUST NEED A
BETTER LIFE THAN THIS ♪
♪ YOU NEED SOMETHING
I CAN NEVER GIVE ♪
♪ FAKE WATER ALL
ACROSS THE ROAD ♪
♪ IT'S GONE NOW THE
NIGHT HAS COME BUT ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, ALL I
THINK ABOUT IS YOU ♪
♪ LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OUT ♪
♪ CAN'T MAKE YOU HAPPIER NOW ♪
♪ YOU CAN'T FIGHT IT ♪
♪ YOU CAN'T BREATHE ♪
♪ YOU SAY SOMETHING
SO LOVING BUT ♪
♪ NOW I'VE GOT TO
LET YOU GO ♪
♪ YOU'LL BE BETTER
OFF IN SOMEONE NEW ♪
♪ I DON'T WANNA BE ALONE ♪
♪ YOU KNOW IT HURTS ME TOO ♪
♪ YOU LOOK SO BROKEN
WHEN YOU CRY ♪
♪ ONE MORE AND THEN
I'LL SAY GOODBYE ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, ALL I
THINK ABOUT IS YOU ♪
♪ LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OUT ♪
♪ CAN'T MAKE YOU
HAPPIER NOW ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, ALL I
THINK ABOUT IS YOU ♪
♪ LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OUT ♪
♪ CAN'T MAKE YOU
HAPPIER NOW ♪
♪ I JUST WONDER WHAT
YOU'RE DREAMING OF ♪
♪ WHEN YOU SLEEP AND
SMILE SO COMFORTABLE ♪
♪ I JUST WISH THAT I
COULD GIVE YOU THAT ♪
♪ THAT LOOK THAT'S
PERFECTLY UNSAD ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, ALL I
THINK ABOUT IS YOU ♪
♪ LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES
BEEN FAKING ME OUT ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OUT ♪
♪ ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, ALL I
THINK ABOUT IS YOU ♪
♪ LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OUT ♪
♪ CAN'T MAKE YOU
HAPPIER NOW ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, ALL I
THINK ABOUT IS YOU ♪
♪ LATE NIGHTS IN
THE MIDDLE OF JUNE ♪
♪ HEAT WAVES BEEN
FAKING ME OUT ♪
♪ CAN'T MAKE YOU HAPPIER NOW ♪
♪ ROAD SHIMMER ♪
♪ WIGGLING THE VISION ♪
♪ HEAT HEAT WAVES ♪
♪ I'M SWIMMING IN A MIRROR ♪
♪ ROAD SHIMMER ♪
♪ WIGGLING THE VISION ♪
♪ HEAT HEAT WAVES I'M
SWIMMING IN A MIRROR ♪
♪ ♪
Did you know that even
after you sanitized,
if the surface
was touched again,
bacteria could be left behind.
Not anymore.
With Microban 24,
just one spray,
fights bacteria all day.
It forms a defensive shield
that keeps killing 99.9% of
bacteria for up to 24 hours.
These leading
disinfectants do not.
So surfaces stay sanitized,
touch after touch.
Microban 24.
Don't Just Sanitize It,
Microban It.
[Dead battery sound]
That's weird.
C'mon.
[Dead battery sound]
Great.
Are you for real?
UGGGGH!!!
Sigh.
So maybe just the cable?
We can help you.
Welcome to America's
#1 Battery Destination.
AutoZone
Your Battery Solution.
At Denny's, we're open
for anything.
Like our NEW, ooey, gooey,
seriously sweet chocolate
chip cookie dough pancakes.
Social Stars influenced...
This Dough is Money!
...and perfect for the fam.
Get That Cookie
Dough Pancakes.
Only at Denny's.
Imagine yourself
in a new Toyota.
♪  ♪
Wow!
Perfect.
♪  ♪
I think red is more "me."
Giddyup.
Did you know that every new
Toyota comes with ToyotaCare?
A 2-year or 25,000
mile maintenance plan
and roadside assistance.
That's the value you
can expect from Toyota.
Ready, set, go get
your Toyota today.
Toyota. Let's Go Places.
From MAYBELLINE NEW YORK
NEW
BROW LIFT STICK
TATTOO STUDIO
A LIFTED, TINTED BROW LOOK
Just LIFT
TINT and SCULPT.
Brows stay lifted all day!
NEW
BROW LIFT STICK
TATTOO STUDIO
Only from
MAYBELLINE NEW YORK
You're listening to Palm Tree
radio. Sit back and enjoy the
ride.
♪ Spin you around on the
chandeliers ♪
♪ Head over heels like tears for
fears ♪
♪ Your love no I can't get
enough ♪
♪ Losing my cool but I'm staying
alive ♪
♪ Dance in the rain just to kiss
the night ♪
♪ Your touch oh it fits like a
glove ♪
♪ Don't need drama
♪ I just need one word to
get to you ♪
♪ So tell me now,
do you want it ♪
♪ ‘Cause these dancing feet
don't cry to the rhythm they cry
for you ♪
♪ And every Saturday night that
you ain't here my tears are
blue ♪
♪ And these blinding lights they
shine so bright like we're on
the moon ♪
♪ I don't wanna dance another
beat no unless it's with you ♪
♪ Dancing Feet Feet Feet
♪ I don't wanna dance another
beat no unless it's with you ♪
♪ Tell me who do I call when I
lose my mind ♪
♪ Four in the morning I'm on
fire ♪
♪ It's you that I'm running to
♪ You got a diamond heart,
you're a work of art ♪
♪ Ain't nothing compares when
I'm in your arms ♪
♪ Don't go ‘cause we'll never
know, oh ♪
♪ Don't need drama
♪ I just need one word to
get to you ♪
♪ So tell me now,
do you want it ♪
♪ ‘Cause these dancing feet
don't cry to the rhythm they cry
for you ♪
♪ And every Saturday night that
you ain't here my tears are
blue ♪
♪ And these blinding lights they
shine so bright like we're on
the moon ♪
♪ I don't wanna dance another
beat no unless it's with you ♪
♪ Dancing Feet Feet Feet
♪ I don't wanna dance another
beat no unless it's with you ♪
♪ Dan, dan, dan, dan, dancing
feet ♪
feet. They cry, they cry ♪
♪ Dan, dan, dan, dan, dancing
feet ♪
feet. They cry ♪
♪ ‘Cause these dancing feet
don't cry to the rhythm they cry
for you ♪
♪ And every Saturday night that
you ain't here my tears are
blue ♪
♪ And these blinding lights they
shine so bright like we're on
the moon ♪
♪ I don't wanna dance another
beat no unless it's with you ♪
♪ Dancing Feet Feet Feet
♪ I don't wanna dance another
beat no unless it's with you ♪
♪ Dan, dan, dan, dan, dancing
feet ♪
feet. They cry, they cry ♪
♪ Dan, dan, dan, dan, dancing
feet ♪
♪ I don't wanna dance another
beat no unless it's with you ♪
[OCEAN SOUNDS]
♪♪♪
♪ YOUNGBLOOD THINKS
THERE'S ALWAYS TOMORROW ♪
♪ I MISS YOUR TOUCH SOME
NIGHTS WHEN I'M HOLLOW ♪
♪ I KNOW YOU CROSSED A BRIDGE
THAT I CAN'T FOLLOW ♪
♪ SINCE THE LOVE THAT YOU LEFT
IS ALL THAT I GET ♪
♪ I WANT YOU TO KNOW ♪
♪ THAT IF I CAN'T BE
CLOSE TO YOU, I'LL SETTLE
FOR THE GHOST OF YOU ♪
♪ I MISS YOU MORE THAN LIFE
(MORE THAN LIFE) ♪
♪ AND IF YOU CAN'T BE
NEXT TO ME, YOUR MEMORY
IS ECSTASY ♪
♪ I MISS YOU MORE THAN LIFE,
I MISS YOU MORE THAN LIFE ♪
♪ YOUNGBLOOD THINKS THERE'S
ALWAYS TOMORROW ♪
♪ I NEED MORE TIME,
BUT TIME CAN'T BE BORROWED ♪
♪ I'D LEAVE IT ALL BEHIND IF I
COULD FOLLOW ♪
♪ SINCE THE LOVE THAT YOU LEFT
IS ALL THAT I GET ♪
♪ I WANT YOU TO KNOW ♪
♪ THAT IF I CAN'T BE
CLOSE TO YOU, I'LL SETTLE
FOR THE GHOST OF YOU ♪
♪ I MISS YOU MORE THAN LIFE
(YEAH) ♪
♪ AND IF YOU CAN'T BE NEXT TO
ME, YOUR MEMORY IS ECSTASY
(OH) ♪
♪ I MISS YOU MORE THAN LIFE,
I MISS YOU MORE THAN LIFE ♪
♪ WOAH-OH-OH-OH ♪
♪ NA-NA-NA ♪
♪ MORE THAN LIFE ♪
♪ SO IF I CAN'T BE
CLOSE TO YOU, I'LL SETTLE
FOR THE GHOST OF YOU ♪
♪ I MISS YOU MORE THAN LIFE ♪
♪ AND IF YOU CAN'T BE NEXT TO
ME, YOUR MEMORY IS ECSTASY ♪
♪ I MISS YOU MORE THAN LIFE,
I MISS YOU MORE THAN LIFE ♪
♪♪♪
It's still the Eat Fresh
Refresh™,
and Subway's
refreshing everything
like the new
Baja Turkey Avocado
with smashed avocado,
oven-roasted turkey,
and Baja chipotle sauce.
It's three great things
together.
Wait! Who else is known
for nailing threes?
Hmm. Can't think of anyone!
Subway keeps refreshing and re-
(Kid 1)
We're coming for you, Lucky!
(Lucky)
This St. Patrick's Day, me
clover charms turn milk green.
(Kid 1)
Where'd he go?
(Kid 2)
We must've made a wrong turn.
(Lucky)
Turn your milk green with me
special Lucky Charms!
(Lucky singing)
They're magically delicious!
[♪♪]
Did you know,
styling hair
is easier
when it's hydrated?
Try Pantene Daily Moisture
Renewal Conditioner.
The Active
Pro-V Nutrients,
provide up to 72 hours
of hydration
for easier
and more flexible styling.
Try Pantene.
Today, under state law in 29
states,
you could be denied service at a
business,
refused housing,
even denied basic medical care,
because of who you love, or who
you are.
In 29 states basic freedoms are
missing
for millions of LGBTQ+
Americans.
Plain aspirin could be
hurting your stomach.
VAZALORE 325
liquid-filled aspirin capsule
is clinically shown
in a 7 day study
to cause fewer ulcers than
immediate release aspirin.
VAZALORE.
The first liquid-filled
aspirin capsules...Amazing!
ICY Airlines. Let's go boo!
-Hey sis. Yes.
-Passport?
-Test? What you got?
-You know I got it.
-What that say?
-[BOTH] Negative!
-All aboard ICY Airlines!
-Hey girl!
Come on girl, we gotta go! It's
time to travel the world!
Get your butt upstairs.
Hey nasty. Ooo. Aw that's right.
-Stay thick.
-Ready to go.
We all nice, healthy. Let's go.
♪♪
♪ Pull me closer ♪
♪ It's the freak in me,
I wanna show ya ♪
♪ It feels so good, don't
want it to be over ♪
♪ And I, I know
that you like it, come closer ♪
♪ It's the freak in me,
I want you, you, you ♪
♪ I love everything
you do, do, do ♪
♪ I do anything for
you, you, you ♪
♪ I love everything
you do, do, do ♪
♪ It's the freak in me, I want ♪
♪ I wanna fall in love
for the weekend ♪
♪ Three boyfriends, I don't
know where I'm sleepin', uh huh♪
♪ We be clubbin', thuggin' ♪
♪ Order room service when we
done that's the sequence ♪
♪ He know I'm a classy nympho ♪
♪ Keep it simple, you know
what you here for ♪
♪ Tell the concierge let you
up with the key code ♪
♪ All his ice on but he bouta
catch a heat stroke ♪
♪ You got everything
that I like ♪
♪ You don't eat the, you lyin' ♪
♪ Caught you mixing
liquors, you might ♪
♪ Hold me tight and
pull me closer ♪
♪ It's the freak in me,
I wanna show ya ♪
♪ It feels so good, don't
want it to be over ♪
♪ And I, I know
that you like it, come closer ♪
♪ It's the freak in me,
I want you, you, you ♪
♪ I love everything
you do, do, do ♪
♪ I do anything for
you, you, you ♪
♪ I love everything
you do, do, do ♪
♪ It's the freak in me, I want ♪
♪ I wanna quickie in my Rolls
on my Hermès leather ♪
♪ No shoes in my car 'cause
my floor mats feather ♪
♪ Ain't trippin if it rain
'cause it came with umbrellas ♪
♪ It get, I got 'em
sending Birkins on my birthday ♪
♪ I ain't never met him, he
don't even know my birth name ♪
♪ Liking all my pics so I
know he like 'em curvy ♪
♪ Crush on a IT boy,
want him in the worst way ♪
♪ I just roll the dice only
store him under nick names ♪
♪ Icy, muah, ooh, la-la ♪
♪ Take them out them draws ♪
♪ Da Vinci come
paint these walls ♪
-♪ Hold me closer, ooh, siscoi ♪
-♪ Pull me closer, closer ♪
-♪ It's the freak in me, I wanna
show ya ♪
-♪ Let me show ya, babe ♪
♪ It feels so good, don't
want it to be over ♪
♪ And I, I know
that you like it, come closer ♪
♪ It's the freak in me,
I want you, you, you ♪
-♪ I love everything you do, do,
do ♪
-♪ Everything you do ♪
♪ I do anything for
you, you, you ♪
-♪ I love everything you do, do,
do ♪
-♪ Yeah, I do, baby ♪
♪ It's the freak in me, I want ♪
♪♪
♪♪♪
♪ IT'S A HUMAN SIGN ♪
♪ WHEN THINGS GO WRONG ♪
♪ WHEN THE SCENT
OF HER LINGERS ♪
♪ AND TEMPTATION'S STRONG ♪
♪ COLD COLD HEART ♪
♪ HARD DONE BY YOU ♪
♪ SOME THINGS LOOK BETTER BABY ♪
♪ JUST PASSING THROUGH ♪
♪ AND I THINK IT'S GONNA BE
A LONG, LONG TIME ♪
♪ 'TIL TOUCH DOWN BRINGS ME
'ROUND TO AGAIN TO FIND ♪
♪ I'M NOT THE MAN
THEY THINK I AM AT HOME ♪
♪ OH NO NO NO ♪
♪ AND THIS IS WHAT
I SHOULD HAVE SAID ♪
♪ WELL I THOUGHT IT
BUT I KEPT IT HID ♪
♪ COLD COLD HEART ♪
♪ HARD DONE BY YOU ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
LOOKING BETTER BABY ♪
♪ JUST PASSING THROUGH ♪
♪ AND I THINK IT'S GONNA BE
A LONG, LONG TIME ♪
♪ 'TIL TOUCH DOWN BRINGS ME
AROUND TO AGAIN TO FIND ♪
♪ I'M NOT THE MAN
THEY THINK I AM AT HOME ♪
♪ OH NO NO NO ♪
♪ AND THIS IS WHAT
I SHOULD HAVE SAID ♪
♪ WELL I THOUGHT IT
BUT I KEPT IT HID ♪
♪ COLD COLD HEART ♪
♪ HARD DONE BY YOU ♪
♪ SOMETHING'S LOOKING
BETTER BABY ♪
♪ JUST PASSING THROUGH ♪
♪ AND I THINK IT'S GONNA BE
A LONG, LONG TIME ♪
♪ 'TIL TOUCH DOWN BRINGS ME
AROUND TO AGAIN TO FIND ♪
♪ I'M NOT THE MAN
THEY THINK I AM AT HOME ♪
♪ OH NO NO NO ♪
♪ AND THIS IS WHAT I SHOULD HAVE
SAID (AND I THINK IT'S GONNA BE
A LONG, LONG TIME) ♪
♪ ('TIL TOUCH DOWN BRINGS
ME AROUND TO AGAIN TO FIND) ♪
♪ WELL I THOUGHT IT BUT I KEPT
IT HID (I'M NOT THE MAN THEY
THINK I AM AT HOME) ♪
♪ (OH NO NO NO) ♪
♪ SHOORAH ♪
This is a PayDay bar.
With tons of peanuts and
caramel that get the job done.
So you can think of it as a tool
to hammer your hunger...
...cut your appetite in half...
...and demolish your urge
for peanuts.
PayDay. Get to it.
Also try chocolatey PayDay
Are you tired of washing dishes?
Well flip the way you clean'em.
Introducing Dawn Platinum
EZ-Squeeze.
It's a new, upside-down
bottle... with no cap.
You just grab and squeeze.
Platinum's upgraded, more
powerful formula breaks down
and removes grease 4 times
faster.
Nice!
No flip, no mess.
Platinum is also a go-to grease
cleaner for your sink,
your countertops, and to
pre-treat stains on laundry.
Faster. Easier.
New Dawn Platinum EZ-Squeeze.
Flip the way you clean dishes.
♪ How was I to know ♪
♪ It's a crazy thing ♪
♪ I showed you my hand ♪
♪ And you still let me win ♪
♪ And who was I to say ♪
♪ That this was meant to be? ♪
♪ The road that was broken ♪
♪ Brought us together ♪
♪ And I know ♪
♪ You could fall for a thousand
kings ♪
♪ And hearts  ♪
♪ That would give you a diamond
ring ♪
♪ When I fold ♪
♪ You see the best in me ♪
♪ The joker and the queen ♪
♪ I've been played before ♪
♪ If you hadn't guessed ♪
♪ So I kept my cards closed ♪
♪ To my foolproof vest ♪
♪ But you called my bluff ♪
♪ And saw through all my tells ♪
♪ And then you went all in ♪
♪ And we left together ♪
♪ And I know ♪
♪ You think that what makes a
king ♪
♪ Is gold ♪
♪ A palace and diamond rings ♪
♪ When I fold ♪
♪ You see the best in me ♪
♪ The joker and the queen ♪
♪♪
♪ And I know ♪
♪ You could fall for a thousand
kings ♪
♪ And hearts ♪
♪ That would give you a diamond
ring ♪
♪ When I folded ♪
♪ You saw the best in me ♪
♪ The joker and the queen ♪
♪ We hug and yes we make love
♪ And always just say
goodnight ♪
♪ We cuddle sure I do love it
♪ but I need your lips on mine
♪ Can you kiss me more ♪
♪ We're so young boy
We ain't got nothing to lose
uh oh ♪
♪ It's just principal
♪ Baby hold me cuz I like the
way ya move Uh oh ♪
♪ Boy you write your name
I can do the same ♪
♪ Oh I love the taste
Lalalalala ♪
♪ All on my t****** I
want it ♪
♪ Boy you write your name
I can do the same ♪
♪ Oh I love the taste
Lalalalala ♪
♪ All on my t****** I
want it ♪
♪ I feel like f******
something ♪
♪ But we could be corny ok
Sugar I ain't no dummy dummy ♪
♪ I like to say what if
but if ♪
♪ We could kiss and just
cut the rubbish ♪
♪ Then I might be onto somethin
I ain't givin you one in public♪
♪ I'm givin you hundreds
come get it ♪
♪ Somethin we just
gotta get into ♪
♪ Sign first middle last on the
wisdom tooth ♪
♪ And they wishin that the
cookie was a kissin' booth ♪
♪ Taste breakfast lunch and
gin n juice ♪
♪ And that dinner just like
dessert too ♪
♪ And when we french refresh
gimme two ♪
♪ When I bite that lip come
get me too ♪
♪ He want lipstick lip gloss
hickeys too, huh ♪
♪ Can you kiss me more
♪ We're so young boy
We ain't got nothing to lose
uh oh ♪
♪ It's just principal
♪ Baby hold me cuz I like the
way ya move Uh oh ♪
♪ Boy you write your name
I can do the same ♪
♪ Oh I love the taste
Lalalalala ♪
♪ All on my t******
I want it ♪
♪ Boy you write your name
I can do the same ♪
♪ Oh I love the taste
Lalalalala ♪
♪ All on my t******
I want it ♪
♪ Give me a buck need that
Gushy stuff ♪
♪ Push the limit no you ain't
good enough ♪
♪ All ya fellas say that you
lost without me ♪
♪ All my shorties feel like I
dodged the county ♪
♪ F****** wit you feel
like jail ♪
♪ I can't even exhale buddy
♪ Cookie like holy grail
you know that ♪
♪ You gon make me need bail
♪ Caught dipping with ya friend
you ain't even half man ♪
♪ lying on ya (bleep) you know
that ♪
♪ Got me a bag full of brick
you know that ♪
♪ Control don't slow the pace
if I throw back ♪
♪ All this cash for real
♪ Drama make you feel
♪ Fantasy and whip appeal is
all I can give you ♪
♪ Can you kiss me more
♪ We're so young boy
We ain't got nothing to lose
uh oh ♪
♪ It's just principal
♪ Baby hold me cuz I like the
way ya groove Uh oh ♪
♪ Boy you write your name
I can do the same ♪
♪ Oh I love the taste
Lalalalala ♪
♪ All on my t****** I
want it ♪
♪ Boy you write your name
I can do the same ♪
♪ Oh I love the taste
Lalalalala ♪
♪ All on my t****** I
want it ♪
Your mission is to observe and
study planet Her only
Do not engage the local
inhabitant,
Warning, do not engage the local
inhabitant
I'm just trying to get his boat
down the stream
And it seems like it's taking
500 years
I'm just gonna bust these lips
open
The fruit, go back, go back, go
back, get the fruit
Oh geez, In the tree?
Yeah
I thought that was health.
Yes
Ok, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yup, and then eat it.
Level 69 unlocked
Look at you
Ok, we through the trees and
gettin' fruit
Now entering the lips
WE busted them lips out bad
Why am I strangely attracted to
this being?
Where's he from?
I don't know, E-Arth or
something
Spell it
E-A-R-T-H
The E is definitely silent
Yeah, arth, eart
Shut up!
I got next.
At Denny's, we're open
for anything.
Like our NEW, ooey, gooey,
seriously sweet chocolate
chip cookie dough pancakes.
Social Stars influenced...
This Dough is Money!
...and perfect for the fam.
Get That Cookie
Dough Pancakes.
Only at Denny's.
Super Emma just about sleeps in
her cape.
But when we realized she was
battling sensitive skin,
we switched to Tide Hygienic
Clean Free.
It's gentle on her skin, and out
cleans our old Free detergent.
Tide Hygienic Clean Free.
Hypoallergenic and safe for
sensitive skin.
What happens if you ever need
to miss work for a long time?
Why would I miss work?
You could sprain your ankle...
Get hit by a school bus.
Get kicked by a horse.
Scurvy.
Plan today.
Feel comfortable
about tomorrow.
MassMutual.
Your record label
is taking off.
But so is your sound engineer.
You need to hire.
I need Indeed.
Indeed you do.
Indeed Instant Match instantly
delivers quality candidates
matching your job description.
Visit Indeed.com/Hire
Listen, I'm done settling.
Because this is my Secret.
I put it on once, no more touch
ups!
Secret has pH balancing
minerals;
and it helps eliminate odor,
instead of just masking it.
So pull it in close.
Secret works.
(♪ )
♪ My nail tech knows how to
keep a lil secret ♪
♪ I don't wish for my
success I speak it ♪
♪ I caught a buzz and you
did to but ♪
♪ You tweaking I look like I
been getting money I reek it ♪
♪ You smell me? that's LV
♪ Walk around
with my chest out and my
skin smooth I'm healthy ♪
♪ Im in the
mix and im handshaking but
most of y'all cant help me ♪
♪ Most of yall
aint wealthy ♪
♪ Most of yall just
dress like it ♪
♪ I caught the vibe
that yall giving off and im ♪
♪ Tryna make my self
less like it This chick got a
lil Porsche ♪
♪ body I might let the bro
test drive it ♪
♪ Its hard for me to
get excited ♪
♪ I love music and
stress bout it ♪
♪ My city on and im cosigning
this wave comin up next out it ♪
♪ Riding around in
the shotgun of her tesla ♪
♪ Hanging
both of my legs out it like
wassup? ♪
♪ I got stakes and they
too high now I cant **** up ♪
♪ I like girls that's down to
earth so don't be stuck up ♪
♪  I don't take L's I give em
out and I chuck em up ♪
♪ First listen they
hearin this *** like “what
the ***** ♪
♪ Ten toes that's my MO
♪ Fam over gram
that's my MO ♪
♪ **** a close friends I got
friends that I keep close  ♪
♪ And they let it go
while I reload Like ♪
♪ BOW BOW BOW
♪ TSA just opened my bookbag
up and my chain hittin like ♪
♪ BOW BOW BOW BOW
♪ The King's back in his
hometown when them wheels hit ♪
♪ And I touch down they BOW
BOW BOW BOW ♪
♪ She down low,
three-point stance ♪
♪ I'm back there doing
Jack dance like BOW ♪
♪ BOW BOW BOW
♪ And im not no
fashionista but im fly
though ♪
♪ And I know I gave up
drinking but I'm **** though I
told her ♪
♪ I don't **** **** **** but
you can try though ♪
♪ Im not on top
of this ♪
♪ **** yet but I'm
that guy though ♪
♪ I take a look
round at my comp
and its just ♪
♪ Wide open Big
whip and it slide open ♪
♪ I notice they treat me like
I'm chosen ♪
♪ Eyes open heart clean and my
mind focused ♪
♪ This *** just keeps
goin how I wrote it ♪
♪ How the hell
could you doubt us? ♪
♪ I mean back
then it made sense but its like
now what? ♪
♪ Now they down
to come round just
to be round us ♪
♪ You ain't one of my dogs why
do you hound us ♪
♪ It's very few of you I like
♪ But it's a whole lot of
y'all I don't trust...cuz ♪
♪ Ten toes that's my MO
♪ Fam over gram that's my MO
♪ **** a close
friends I got friends that I
keep close ♪
♪ And they let it
go while I reload ♪
♪ Like BOW BOW BOW
♪ TSA just opened
my bookbag up ♪
♪ And my chain hittin like BOW
BOW BOW BOW ♪
♪ The King's back in
his hometown when
them wheels hit ♪
♪ And I touch down they BOW BOW
BOW BOW ♪
♪ She down low,
three-point stance I'm back
there doin ♪
♪ Jack dance like
BOW BOW BOW BOW ♪
(♪ )